c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\YelpApp.dll.config
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\YelpApp.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\YelpApp.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\obj\Debug\YelpApp.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\obj\Debug\YelpApp.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\obj\Debug\YelpApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YelpApp\YelpApp\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
